README.md, before:

>Legal Notice: This is a pre-release and preview solution and therefore may not work correctly. Certain features may be missing or disabled. Microsoft may change or update this pre-release and preview solution at any time.

# Generic Build your own copilot Solution Accelerator

MENU: [**USER STORY**](#user-story) \| [**ONE-CLICK DEPLOY**](#one-click-deploy)  \| [**SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS**](#supporting-documents) \|
[**CUSTOMER TRUTH**](#customer-truth)


<h2><img src="./docs/images/userStory.png" width="64">
<br/>
User story
</h2>

**Solution accelerator overview**

This solution accelerator is a powerful tool that helps you create your own AI assistant(s). The accelerator can be used by any customer looking for reusable architecture and code snippets to build an AI assistant(s) with their own enterprise data. 

It leverages Azure Open AI Service and Azure AI Search, to identify relevant documents, summarize unstructured information, and generate Word document templates using your own data. 

**Scenario**

This example focuses on a generic use case - chat with your own data, generate a document template using your own data, and exporting the document in a docx format.

The sample data is sourced from 1) generic AI-generated promissory notes and 2) a select set of research and grants published on PubMed and NIH.
The documents are intended for use as sample data only.

<br/>

**Key features**

![Key Features](/docs/images/keyfeatures.png)

<br/>

**Below is an image of the solution accelerator.**

![Landing Page](/docs/images/landing_page.png)


<h2><img src="/docs/images//oneClickDeploy.png" width="64">
<br/>
One-click deploy
</h2>

### Prerequisites

To use this solution accelerator, you will need access to an [Azure subscription](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/) with permission to create resource groups and resources. While not required, a prior understanding of Azure Open AI and Azure AI Search will be helpful.

For additional training and support, please see:

1. [Azure Open AI](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/openai/) 
2. [Azure AI Search](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/search/) 
3. [Azure AI Studio](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-studio/) 

### Solution accelerator architecture
![image](/docs/images/architecture.png)


 > Note: Some features contained in this repository are in private preview. Certain features might not be supported or might have constrained capabilities. For more information, see [Supplemental Terms of Use for Microsoft Azure Previews](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/support/legal/preview-supplemental-terms).


### **How to install/deploy**

1. TODO

### Environment variables

Note: settings starting with `AZURE_SEARCH` are only needed when using Azure OpenAI on your data with Azure AI Search. If not connecting to your data, you only need to specify `AZURE_OPENAI` settings.

| App Setting | Value | Note |
| --- | --- | ------------- |
|AZURE_SEARCH_SERVICE||The name of your Azure AI Search resource|
|AZURE_SEARCH_INDEX||The name of your Azure AI Search Index|
|AZURE_SEARCH_KEY||An **admin key** for your Azure AI Search resource|
|AZURE_SEARCH_USE_SEMANTIC_SEARCH|False|Whether or not to use semantic search|
|AZURE_SEARCH_QUERY_TYPE|simple|Query type: simple, semantic, vector, vectorSimpleHybrid, or vectorSemanticHybrid. Takes precedence over AZURE_SEARCH_USE_SEMANTIC_SEARCH|
|AZURE_SEARCH_SEMANTIC_SEARCH_CONFIG||The name of the semantic search configuration to use if using semantic search.|
|AZURE_SEARCH_TOP_K|5|The number of documents to retrieve from Azure AI Search.|
|AZURE_SEARCH_ENABLE_IN_DOMAIN|True|Limits responses to only queries relating to your data.|
|AZURE_SEARCH_CONTENT_COLUMNS||List of fields in your Azure AI Search index that contains the text content of your documents to use when formulating a bot response. Represent these as a string joined with "|", e.g. `"product_description|product_manual"`|
|AZURE_SEARCH_FILENAME_COLUMN|| Field from your Azure AI Search index that gives a unique identifier of the source of your data to display in the UI.|
|AZURE_SEARCH_TITLE_COLUMN||Field from your Azure AI Search index that gives a relevant title or header for your data content to display in the UI.|
|AZURE_SEARCH_URL_COLUMN||Field from your Azure AI Search index that contains a URL for the document, e.g. an Azure Blob Storage URI. This value is not currently used.|
|AZURE_SEARCH_VECTOR_COLUMNS||List of fields in your Azure AI Search index that contain vector embeddings of your documents to use when formulating a bot response. Represent these as a string joined with "|", e.g. `"product_description|product_manual"`|
|AZURE_SEARCH_PERMITTED_GROUPS_COLUMN||Field from your Azure AI Search index that contains AAD group IDs that determine document-level access control.|
|AZURE_SEARCH_STRICTNESS|3|Integer from 1 to 5 specifying the strictness for the model limiting responses to your data.|
|AZURE_OPENAI_RESOURCE||the name of your Azure OpenAI resource|
|AZURE_OPENAI_MODEL||The name of your model deployment|
|AZURE_OPENAI_ENDPOINT||The endpoint of your Azure OpenAI resource.|
|AZURE_OPENAI_MODEL_NAME|gpt-35-turbo-16k|The name of the model|
|AZURE_OPENAI_KEY||One of the API keys of your Azure OpenAI resource|
|AZURE_OPENAI_TEMPERATURE|0|What sampling temperature to use, between 0 and 2. Higher values like 0.8 will make the output more random, while lower values like 0.2 will make it more focused and deterministic. A value of 0 is recommended when using your data.|
|AZURE_OPENAI_TOP_P|1.0|An alternative to sampling with temperature, called nucleus sampling, where the model considers the results of the tokens with top_p probability mass. We recommend setting this to 1.0 when using your data.|
|AZURE_OPENAI_MAX_TOKENS|1000|The maximum number of tokens allowed for the generated answer.|
|AZURE_OPENAI_STOP_SEQUENCE||Up to 4 sequences where the API will stop generating further tokens. Represent these as a string joined with "|", e.g. `"stop1|stop2|stop3"`|
|AZURE_OPENAI_SYSTEM_MESSAGE|You are an AI assistant that helps people find information.|A brief description of the role and tone the model should use|
|AZURE_OPENAI_PREVIEW_API_VERSION|2024-02-15-preview|API version when using Azure OpenAI on your data|
|AZURE_OPENAI_STREAM|True|Whether or not to use streaming for the response|
|AZURE_OPENAI_EMBEDDING_NAME||The name of your embedding model deployment if using vector search.
|UI_TITLE|Contoso| Chat title (left-top) and page title (HTML)
|UI_LOGO|| Logo (left-top). Defaults to Contoso logo. Configure the URL to your logo image to modify.
|UI_CHAT_LOGO|| Logo (chat window). Defaults to Contoso logo. Configure the URL to your logo image to modify.
|UI_CHAT_TITLE|Start chatting| Title (chat window)
|UI_CHAT_DESCRIPTION|This chatbot is configured to answer your questions| Description (chat window)
|UI_FAVICON|| Defaults to Contoso favicon. Configure the URL to your favicon to modify.
|UI_SHOW_SHARE_BUTTON|True|Share button (right-top)
|SANITIZE_ANSWER|False|Whether to sanitize the answer from Azure OpenAI. Set to True to remove any HTML tags from the response.|
|USE_PROMPTFLOW|False|Use existing Promptflow deployed endpoint. If set to `True` then both `PROMPTFLOW_ENDPOINT` and `PROMPTFLOW_API_KEY` also need to be set.|
|PROMPTFLOW_ENDPOINT||URL of the deployed Promptflow endpoint e.g. https://pf-deployment-name.region.inference.ml.azure.com/score|
|PROMPTFLOW_API_KEY||Auth key for deployed Promptflow endpoint. Note: only Key-based authentication is supported.|
|PROMPTFLOW_RESPONSE_TIMEOUT|120|Timeout value in seconds for the Promptflow endpoint to respond.|
|PROMPTFLOW_REQUEST_FIELD_NAME|query|Default field name to construct Promptflow request. Note: chat_history is auto constucted based on the interaction, if your API expects other mandatory field you will need to change the request parameters under `promptflow_request` function.|
|PROMPTFLOW_RESPONSE_FIELD_NAME|reply|Default field name to process the response from Promptflow request.|
|PROMPTFLOW_CITATIONS_FIELD_NAME|documents|Default field name to process the citations output from Promptflow request.|

### Local deployment
Review the local deployment [README](./docs/README_LOCAL.md).
<br/>
<br>
<h2><img src="./docs/images/supportingDocuments.png" width="64">
<br/>
Supporting documents
</h2>

Supporting documents coming soon.


<br>
<h2><img src="./docs/images/customerTruth.png" width="64">
</br>
Customer truth
</h2>
Customer stories coming soon.

<br/>


<h2>
</br>
Responsible AI Transparency FAQ 
</h2>

Please refer to [Transparency FAQ](./docs/TRANSPARENCY_FAQ.md) for responsible AI transparency details of this solution accelerator.

<br/>
<br/>
---

## Disclaimers

This Software requires the use of third-party components which are governed by separate proprietary or open-source licenses as identified below, and you must comply with the terms of each applicable license in order to use the Software. You acknowledge and agree that this license does not grant you a license or other right to use any such third-party proprietary or open-source components.  

To the extent that the Software includes components or code used in or derived from Microsoft products or services, including without limitation Microsoft Azure Services (collectively, “Microsoft Products and Services”), you must also comply with the Product Terms applicable to such Microsoft Products and Services. You acknowledge and agree that the license governing the Software does not grant you a license or other right to use Microsoft Products and Services. Nothing in the license or this ReadMe file will serve to supersede, amend, terminate or modify any terms in the Product Terms for any Microsoft Products and Services. 

You must also comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the Software, which include restrictions on destinations, end users, and end use. For further information on export restrictions, visit https://aka.ms/exporting. 

You acknowledge that the Software and Microsoft Products and Services (1) are not designed, intended or made available as a medical device(s), and (2) are not designed or intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, treatment, or judgment and should not be used to replace or as a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, treatment, or judgment. Customer is solely responsible for displaying and/or obtaining appropriate consents, warnings, disclaimers, and acknowledgements to end users of Customer’s implementation of the Online Services. 

You acknowledge the Software is not subject to SOC 1 and SOC 2 compliance audits. No Microsoft technology, nor any of its component technologies, including the Software, is intended or made available as a substitute for the professional advice, opinion, or judgement of a certified financial services professional. Do not use the Software to replace, substitute, or provide professional financial advice or judgment.  

BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE SOFTWARE IS NOT DESIGNED OR INTENDED TO SUPPORT ANY USE IN WHICH A SERVICE INTERRUPTION, DEFECT, ERROR, OR OTHER FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE COULD RESULT IN THE DEATH OR SERIOUS BODILY INJURY OF ANY PERSON OR IN PHYSICAL OR ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE (COLLECTIVELY, “HIGH-RISK USE”), AND THAT YOU WILL ENSURE THAT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY INTERRUPTION, DEFECT, ERROR, OR OTHER FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE, THE SAFETY OF PEOPLE, PROPERTY, AND THE ENVIRONMENT ARE NOT REDUCED BELOW A LEVEL THAT IS REASONABLY, APPROPRIATE, AND LEGAL, WHETHER IN GENERAL OR IN A SPECIFIC INDUSTRY. BY ACCESSING THE SOFTWARE, YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOUR HIGH-RISK USE OF THE SOFTWARE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.

Commit message:

RAI README update and GitHub Action to build and deploy image.

README.md, after:

>Legal Notice: This is a pre-release and preview solution and therefore may not work correctly. Certain features may be missing or disabled. Microsoft may change or update this pre-release and preview solution at any time.

# Generic Build your own copilot Solution Accelerator

MENU: [**USER STORY**](#user-story) \| [**ONE-CLICK DEPLOY**](#one-click-deploy)  \| [**SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS**](#supporting-documents) \|
[**CUSTOMER TRUTH**](#customer-truth)


<h2><img src="./docs/images/userStory.png" width="64">
<br/>
User story
</h2>

**Solution accelerator overview**

This solution accelerator is a powerful tool that helps you create your own AI assistant(s). The accelerator can be used by any customer looking for reusable architecture and code snippets to build an AI assistant(s) with their own enterprise data. 

It leverages Azure Open AI Service and Azure AI Search, to identify relevant documents, summarize unstructured information, and generate Word document templates using your own data. 

**Scenario**

This example focuses on a generic use case - chat with your own data, generate a document template using your own data, and exporting the document in a docx format.

The sample data is sourced from 1) generic AI-generated promissory notes and 2) a select set of research and grants published on PubMed and NIH.
The documents are intended for use as sample data only.

<br/>

**Key features**

![Key Features](/docs/images/keyfeatures.png)

<br/>

**Below is an image of the solution accelerator.**

![Landing Page](/docs/images/landing_page.png)


<h2><img src="/docs/images//oneClickDeploy.png" width="64">
<br/>
One-click deploy
</h2>

### Prerequisites

To use this solution accelerator, you will need access to an [Azure subscription](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/) with permission to create resource groups and resources. While not required, a prior understanding of Azure Open AI and Azure AI Search will be helpful.

For additional training and support, please see:

1. [Azure Open AI](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/openai/) 
2. [Azure AI Search](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/search/) 
3. [Azure AI Studio](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-studio/) 

### Solution accelerator architecture
![image](/docs/images/architecture.png)


 > Note: Some features contained in this repository are in private preview. Certain features might not be supported or might have constrained capabilities. For more information, see [Supplemental Terms of Use for Microsoft Azure Previews](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/support/legal/preview-supplemental-terms).


### **How to install/deploy**

1. TODO

### Environment variables

Note: settings starting with `AZURE_SEARCH` are only needed when using Azure OpenAI on your data with Azure AI Search. If not connecting to your data, you only need to specify `AZURE_OPENAI` settings.

| App Setting | Value | Note |
| --- | --- | ------------- |
|AZURE_SEARCH_SERVICE||The name of your Azure AI Search resource|
|AZURE_SEARCH_INDEX||The name of your Azure AI Search Index|
|AZURE_SEARCH_KEY||An **admin key** for your Azure AI Search resource|
|AZURE_SEARCH_USE_SEMANTIC_SEARCH|False|Whether or not to use semantic search|
|AZURE_SEARCH_QUERY_TYPE|simple|Query type: simple, semantic, vector, vectorSimpleHybrid, or vectorSemanticHybrid. Takes precedence over AZURE_SEARCH_USE_SEMANTIC_SEARCH|
|AZURE_SEARCH_SEMANTIC_SEARCH_CONFIG||The name of the semantic search configuration to use if using semantic search.|
|AZURE_SEARCH_TOP_K|5|The number of documents to retrieve from Azure AI Search.|
|AZURE_SEARCH_ENABLE_IN_DOMAIN|True|Limits responses to only queries relating to your data.|
|AZURE_SEARCH_CONTENT_COLUMNS||List of fields in your Azure AI Search index that contains the text content of your documents to use when formulating a bot response. Represent these as a string joined with "|", e.g. `"product_description|product_manual"`|
|AZURE_SEARCH_FILENAME_COLUMN|| Field from your Azure AI Search index that gives a unique identifier of the source of your data to display in the UI.|
|AZURE_SEARCH_TITLE_COLUMN||Field from your Azure AI Search index that gives a relevant title or header for your data content to display in the UI.|
|AZURE_SEARCH_URL_COLUMN||Field from your Azure AI Search index that contains a URL for the document, e.g. an Azure Blob Storage URI. This value is not currently used.|
|AZURE_SEARCH_VECTOR_COLUMNS||List of fields in your Azure AI Search index that contain vector embeddings of your documents to use when formulating a bot response. Represent these as a string joined with "|", e.g. `"product_description|product_manual"`|
|AZURE_SEARCH_PERMITTED_GROUPS_COLUMN||Field from your Azure AI Search index that contains AAD group IDs that determine document-level access control.|
|AZURE_SEARCH_STRICTNESS|3|Integer from 1 to 5 specifying the strictness for the model limiting responses to your data.|
|AZURE_OPENAI_RESOURCE||the name of your Azure OpenAI resource|
|AZURE_OPENAI_MODEL||The name of your model deployment|
|AZURE_OPENAI_ENDPOINT||The endpoint of your Azure OpenAI resource.|
|AZURE_OPENAI_MODEL_NAME|gpt-35-turbo-16k|The name of the model|
|AZURE_OPENAI_KEY||One of the API keys of your Azure OpenAI resource|
|AZURE_OPENAI_TEMPERATURE|0|What sampling temperature to use, between 0 and 2. Higher values like 0.8 will make the output more random, while lower values like 0.2 will make it more focused and deterministic. A value of 0 is recommended when using your data.|
|AZURE_OPENAI_TOP_P|1.0|An alternative to sampling with temperature, called nucleus sampling, where the model considers the results of the tokens with top_p probability mass. We recommend setting this to 1.0 when using your data.|
|AZURE_OPENAI_MAX_TOKENS|1000|The maximum number of tokens allowed for the generated answer.|
|AZURE_OPENAI_STOP_SEQUENCE||Up to 4 sequences where the API will stop generating further tokens. Represent these as a string joined with "|", e.g. `"stop1|stop2|stop3"`|
|AZURE_OPENAI_SYSTEM_MESSAGE|You are an AI assistant that helps people find information.|A brief description of the role and tone the model should use|
|AZURE_OPENAI_PREVIEW_API_VERSION|2024-02-15-preview|API version when using Azure OpenAI on your data|
|AZURE_OPENAI_STREAM|True|Whether or not to use streaming for the response|
|AZURE_OPENAI_EMBEDDING_NAME||The name of your embedding model deployment if using vector search.
|UI_TITLE|Contoso| Chat title (left-top) and page title (HTML)
|UI_LOGO|| Logo (left-top). Defaults to Contoso logo. Configure the URL to your logo image to modify.
|UI_CHAT_LOGO|| Logo (chat window). Defaults to Contoso logo. Configure the URL to your logo image to modify.
|UI_CHAT_TITLE|Start chatting| Title (chat window)
|UI_CHAT_DESCRIPTION|This chatbot is configured to answer your questions| Description (chat window)
|UI_FAVICON|| Defaults to Contoso favicon. Configure the URL to your favicon to modify.
|UI_SHOW_SHARE_BUTTON|True|Share button (right-top)
|SANITIZE_ANSWER|False|Whether to sanitize the answer from Azure OpenAI. Set to True to remove any HTML tags from the response.|
|USE_PROMPTFLOW|False|Use existing Promptflow deployed endpoint. If set to `True` then both `PROMPTFLOW_ENDPOINT` and `PROMPTFLOW_API_KEY` also need to be set.|
|PROMPTFLOW_ENDPOINT||URL of the deployed Promptflow endpoint e.g. https://pf-deployment-name.region.inference.ml.azure.com/score|
|PROMPTFLOW_API_KEY||Auth key for deployed Promptflow endpoint. Note: only Key-based authentication is supported.|
|PROMPTFLOW_RESPONSE_TIMEOUT|120|Timeout value in seconds for the Promptflow endpoint to respond.|
|PROMPTFLOW_REQUEST_FIELD_NAME|query|Default field name to construct Promptflow request. Note: chat_history is auto constucted based on the interaction, if your API expects other mandatory field you will need to change the request parameters under `promptflow_request` function.|
|PROMPTFLOW_RESPONSE_FIELD_NAME|reply|Default field name to process the response from Promptflow request.|
|PROMPTFLOW_CITATIONS_FIELD_NAME|documents|Default field name to process the citations output from Promptflow request.|

### Local deployment
Review the local deployment [README](./docs/README_LOCAL.md).
<br/>
<br>
<h2><img src="./docs/images/supportingDocuments.png" width="64">
<br/>
Supporting documents
</h2>

Supporting documents coming soon.


<br>
<h2><img src="./docs/images/customerTruth.png" width="64">
</br>
Customer truth
</h2>
Customer stories coming soon.

<br/>


<h2>
</br>
Responsible AI Transparency FAQ 
</h2>

Please refer to [Transparency FAQ](./docs/TRANSPARENCY_FAQ.md) for responsible AI transparency details of this solution accelerator.

<br/>
<br/>
---

## Disclaimers

This release is an artificial intelligence (AI) system that generates text based on user input. The text generated by this system may include ungrounded content, meaning that it is not verified by any reliable source or based on any factual data. The data included in this release is synthetic, meaning that it is artificially created by the system and may contain factual errors or inconsistencies. Users of this release are responsible for determining the accuracy, validity, and suitability of any content generated by the system for their intended purposes. Users should not rely on the system output as a source of truth or as a substitute for human judgment or expertise.

This release only supports English language input and output. Users should not attempt to use the system with any other language or format. The system output may not be compatible with any translation tools or services, and may lose its meaning or coherence if translated.

This release does not reflect the opinions, views, or values of Microsoft Corporation or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries, or partners. The system output is solely based on the system's own logic and algorithms, and does not represent any endorsement, recommendation, or advice from Microsoft or any other entity. Microsoft disclaims any liability or responsibility for any damages, losses, or harms arising from the use of this release or its output by any user or third party.

This release does not provide any financial advice, and is not designed to replace the role of qualified client advisors in appropriately advising clients. Users should not use the system output for any financial decisions or transactions, and should consult with a professional financial advisor before taking any action based on the system output. Microsoft is not a financial institution or a fiduciary, and does not offer any financial products or services through this release or its output.

This release is intended as a proof of concept only, and is not a finished or polished product. It is not intended for commercial use or distribution, and is subject to change or discontinuation without notice. Any planned deployment of this release or its output should include comprehensive testing and evaluation to ensure it is fit for purpose and meets the user's requirements and expectations. Microsoft does not guarantee the quality, performance, reliability, or availability of this release or its output, and does not provide any warranty or support for it.

This Software requires the use of third-party components which are governed by separate proprietary or open-source licenses as identified below, and you must comply with the terms of each applicable license in order to use the Software. You acknowledge and agree that this license does not grant you a license or other right to use any such third-party proprietary or open-source components.

To the extent that the Software includes components or code used in or derived from Microsoft products or services, including without limitation Microsoft Azure Services (collectively, “Microsoft Products and Services”), you must also comply with the Product Terms applicable to such Microsoft Products and Services. You acknowledge and agree that the license governing the Software does not grant you a license or other right to use Microsoft Products and Services. Nothing in the license or this ReadMe file will serve to supersede, amend, terminate or modify any terms in the Product Terms for any Microsoft Products and Services.

You must also comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the Software, which include restrictions on destinations, end users, and end use. For further information on export restrictions, visit https://aka.ms/exporting.

You acknowledge that the Software and Microsoft Products and Services (1) are not designed, intended or made available as a medical device(s), and (2) are not designed or intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, treatment, or judgment and should not be used to replace or as a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, treatment, or judgment. Customer is solely responsible for displaying and/or obtaining appropriate consents, warnings, disclaimers, and acknowledgements to end users of Customer’s implementation of the Online Services.

You acknowledge the Software is not subject to SOC 1 and SOC 2 compliance audits. No Microsoft technology, nor any of its component technologies, including the Software, is intended or made available as a substitute for the professional advice, opinion, or judgement of a certified financial services professional. Do not use the Software to replace, substitute, or provide professional financial advice or judgment.

BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE SOFTWARE IS NOT DESIGNED OR INTENDED TO SUPPORT ANY USE IN WHICH A SERVICE INTERRUPTION, DEFECT, ERROR, OR OTHER FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE COULD RESULT IN THE DEATH OR SERIOUS BODILY INJURY OF ANY PERSON OR IN PHYSICAL OR ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE (COLLECTIVELY, “HIGH-RISK USE”), AND THAT YOU WILL ENSURE THAT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY INTERRUPTION, DEFECT, ERROR, OR OTHER FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE, THE SAFETY OF PEOPLE, PROPERTY, AND THE ENVIRONMENT ARE NOT REDUCED BELOW A LEVEL THAT IS REASONABLY, APPROPRIATE, AND LEGAL, WHETHER IN GENERAL OR IN A SPECIFIC INDUSTRY. BY ACCESSING THE SOFTWARE, YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOUR HIGH-RISK USE OF THE SOFTWARE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
